---
layout: post
title: "Welcome to my data blog"
date: 2019-07-03 18:22:00 +0600
tags: [general]
location: Samaipata, Bolivia
location-link: Samaipata
image: /assets/img/desertpic.jpeg
---

I'm currently taking some time off working to travel with my partner around Latin America. We plan to be away for some time and I plan on using some of the extra time relaxing... relaxing with a good course on statistics, data science, python or any other data related or more general programming related thing.

<!--description-->

Whilst not everyone's idea of a holiday activity, this is a different type of holiday. I'm not in a rush to see things before I have to fly back home. I have see things, relax, and take on more personal development. For example, learning to speak Spanish is a key part of why I'm returning to Latin America, where I previously spent nine months.

I have an interest in developing:

- my language skills - both Spanish, in schools and in every day living, and French, with my girlfriend. It is a dream of mine to become proficient in a foreign language to be able to converse with the people around me
- my data science, visualisation and analytics skills
- my programming ability - trying to stay as relevant as possible to real world uses and not be distracted by making games or learning complicated frameworks of which I'm unlikely to utilise
- my SQL knowledge

This blog will focus on the data and programming related side of my development and I will try and be regular in my updates.
